# About Integrations & APIs
The Kore.ai XO Platform offers robust integration capabilities that allow you to seamlessly connect your virtual assistant with popular business applications, external NLU engines, and agent handoff systems. The platform provides pre-built integrations, low-code tools, and APIs that streamline the integration process. With these powerful features, you can exchange data, enable agent transfers, leverage external NLU models, and develop custom integrations using secure APIs and SDKs. This section covers all the integration options and APIs available within the Kore.ai XO Platform, empowering you to create highly interoperable and extensible virtual assistants tailored to your specific business needs.

* **Actions**: The XO Platform offers pre-built integrations with popular business applications to exchange data, such as Service Now, Salesforce, Zendesk, Hubspot, and many more. Each of these integrations provides a full conversation flow definition, a low-code interface for API integration, and pre-built response mapping and create dialog tasks with pre-built templates without need to worry about developer assistance. [Learn more :octicons-arrow-right-24:](../integrations/actions/actions.md)
* **Agent Transfer**: The XO Platform's Agent Transfer allows you to configure the most popular integrations to hand over conversations seamlessly without the need to use BotKit. These agent transfer integrations are hosted by the Kore.ai XO Platform, and there is no need to host any custom BotKit. [Learn more :octicons-arrow-right-24:](../integrations/agents/agent-transfer-integrations.md)
* **External NLU**: The XO Platform has one of the best NLP engines in the market including the unique Multiengine NLP capability. However, to provide integration flexibility and let the customers use the NLU engine of their preference with other features of the platform, Kore.ai provides an ability to make an external NLU engine co-exist with our built-in NLP engines. [Learn more :octicons-arrow-right-24:](../integrations/external-nlu/external-nlu-adapters.md)
* **API Reference**: The XO Platform allows you to develop Virtual Assistants using secured APIs. All key activities like creation, import and export, training, and publishing are available using these APIs. Key account management activities like managing XO Platform access, managing admin, and roles can also be performed via secured public APIs. [Learn more :octicons-arrow-right-24:](../../apis/automation/api-list.md)
* **SDK Reference**: The XO Platform offers Bots SDKs as a set of platform-specific client libraries that provide a quick and convenient way to get Kore.ai XO Platform capability into custom applications and provide you with more control over the assistants you build. [Learn more :octicons-arrow-right-24:](../../sdk/bot-sdk-introduction.md)
